c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\MvcWebRole.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\MvcWebRole.pdb
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\obj\Debug\MvcWebRole.dll
c:\users\augusta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\obj\Debug\MvcWebRole.pdb
C:\Users\Augusta\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\AzureStorage.dll
C:\Users\Augusta\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\SqlDatabase.dll
C:\Users\Augusta\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\AzureStorage.pdb
C:\Users\Augusta\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\AzureBlog\MvcWebRole\bin\SqlDatabase.pdb
